README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vllm-project/vllm/main/docs/source/assets/logos/vllm-logo-text-dark.png">
    <img alt="vLLM" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vllm-project/vllm/main/docs/source/assets/logos/vllm-logo-text-light.png" width=55%>
  </picture>
</p>

<h3 align="center">
Easy, fast, and cheap LLM serving for everyone
</h3>

<p align="center">
| <a href="https://docs.vllm.ai"><b>Documentation</b></a> | <a href="https://vllm.ai"><b>Blog</b></a> | <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.06180"><b>Paper</b></a> | <a href="https://x.com/vllm_project"><b>Twitter/X</b></a> | <a href="https://discuss.vllm.ai"><b>User Forum</b></a> | <a href="https://slack.vllm.ai"><b>Developer Slack</b></a> |
</p>

---

[2025/04] We're hosting our first-ever *vLLM Asia Developer Day* in Singapore on *April 3rd*! This is a full-day event (9 AM - 9 PM SGT) in partnership with SGInnovate, AMD, and Embedded LLM. Meet the vLLM team and learn about LLM inference for RL, MI300X, and more! [Register Now](https://www.sginnovate.com/event/limited-availability-morning-evening-slots-remaining-inaugural-vllm-asia-developer-day)

---

*Latest News* 🔥
- [2025/03] We hosted [vLLM x Ollama Inference Night](https://lu.ma/vllm-ollama)! Please find the meetup slides from the vLLM team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16T2PDD1YwRnZ4Tu8Q5r6n53c5Lr5c73UV9Vd2_eBo4U/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2025/03] We hosted [the first vLLM China Meetup](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/n77GibL2corAtQHtVEAzfg)! Please find the meetup slides from vLLM team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1REHvfQMKGnvz6p3Fd23HhSO4c8j5WPGZV0bKYLwnHyQ/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2025/03] We hosted [the East Coast vLLM Meetup](https://lu.ma/7mu4k4xx)! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NHiv8EUFF1NLd3fEYODm56nDmL26lEeXCaDgyDlTsRs/edit#slide=id.g31441846c39_0_0).
- [2025/02] We hosted [the ninth vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/h7g3kuj9) with Meta! Please find the meetup slides from vLLM team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1jzC_PZVXrVNSFVCW-V4cFXb6pn7zZ2CyP_Flwo05aqg/edit?usp=sharing) and AMD [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Zk5qEJIkTmlQ2eQcXQZlljAx3m9s7nwn/view?usp=sharing). The slides from Meta will not be posted.
- [2025/01] We are excited to announce the alpha release of vLLM V1: A major architectural upgrade with 1.7x speedup! Clean code, optimized execution loop, zero-overhead prefix caching, enhanced multimodal support, and more. Please check out our blog post [here](https://blog.vllm.ai/2025/01/27/v1-alpha-release.html).
- [2025/01] We hosted [the eighth vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/zep56hui) with Google Cloud! Please find the meetup slides from vLLM team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1epVkt4Zu8Jz_S5OhEHPc798emsYh2BwYfRuDDVEF7u4/edit?usp=sharing), and Google Cloud team [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1h24pHewANyRL11xy5dXUbvRC9F9Kkjix/view?usp=sharing).
- [2024/12] vLLM joins [pytorch ecosystem](https://pytorch.org/blog/vllm-joins-pytorch)! Easy, Fast, and Cheap LLM Serving for Everyone!

<details>
<summary>Previous News</summary>

- [2024/11] We hosted [the seventh vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/h0qvrajz) with Snowflake! Please find the meetup slides from vLLM team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1e3CxQBV3JsfGp30SwyvS3eM_tW-ghOhJ9PAJGK6KR54/edit?usp=sharing), and Snowflake team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qF3RkDAbOULwz9WK5TOltt2fE9t6uIc_hVNLFAaQX6A/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2024/10] We have just created a developer slack ([slack.vllm.ai](https://slack.vllm.ai)) focusing on coordinating contributions and discussing features. Please feel free to join us there!
- [2024/10] Ray Summit 2024 held a special track for vLLM! Please find the opening talk slides from the vLLM team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1B_KQxpHBTRa_mDF-tR6i8rWdOU5QoTZNcEg2MKZxEHM/edit?usp=sharing). Learn more from the [talks](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzTswPQNepXl6AQwifuwUImLPFRVpksjR) from other vLLM contributors and users!
- [2024/09] We hosted [the sixth vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/87q3nvnh) with NVIDIA! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wrLGwytQfaOTd5wCGSPNhoaW3nq0E-9wqyP7ny93xRs/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2024/07] We hosted [the fifth vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/lp0gyjqr) with AWS! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1RgUD8aCfcHocghoP3zmXzck9vX3RCI9yfUAB2Bbcl4Y/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2024/07] In partnership with Meta, vLLM officially supports Llama 3.1 with FP8 quantization and pipeline parallelism! Please check out our blog post [here](https://blog.vllm.ai/2024/07/23/llama31.html).
- [2024/06] We hosted [the fourth vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/agivllm) with Cloudflare and BentoML! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1iJ8o7V2bQEi0BFEljLTwc5G1S10_Rhv3beed5oB0NJ4/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2024/04] We hosted [the third vLLM meetup](https://robloxandvllmmeetup2024.splashthat.com/) with Roblox! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1A--47JAK4BJ39t954HyTkvtfwn0fkqtsL8NGFuslReM/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2024/01] We hosted [the second vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/ygxbpzhl) with IBM! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12mI2sKABnUw5RBWXDYY-HtHth4iMSNcEoQ10jDQbxgA/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2023/10] We hosted [the first vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/first-vllm-meetup) with a16z! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QL-XPFXiFpDBh86DbEegFXBXFXjix4v032GhShbKf3s/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2023/08] We would like to express our sincere gratitude to [Andreessen Horowitz](https://a16z.com/2023/08/30/supporting-the-open-source-ai-community/) (a16z) for providing a generous grant to support the open-source development and research of vLLM.
- [2023/06] We officially released vLLM! FastChat-vLLM integration has powered [LMSYS Vicuna and Chatbot Arena](https://chat.lmsys.org) since mid-April. Check out our [blog post](https://vllm.ai).

</details>

---
## About

vLLM is a fast and easy-to-use library for LLM inference and serving.

Originally developed in the [Sky Computing Lab](https://sky.cs.berkeley.edu) at UC Berkeley, vLLM has evolved into a community-driven project with contributions from both academia and industry.

vLLM is fast with:

- State-of-the-art serving throughput
- Efficient management of attention key and value memory with [**PagedAttention**](https://blog.vllm.ai/2023/06/20/vllm.html)
- Continuous batching of incoming requests
- Fast model execution with CUDA/HIP graph
- Quantizations: [GPTQ](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.17323), [AWQ](https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.00978), INT4, INT8, and FP8.
- Optimized CUDA kernels, including integration with FlashAttention and FlashInfer.
- Speculative decoding
- Chunked prefill

**Performance benchmark**: We include a performance benchmark at the end of [our blog post](https://blog.vllm.ai/2024/09/05/perf-update.html). It compares the performance of vLLM against other LLM serving engines ([TensorRT-LLM](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM), [SGLang](https://github.com/sgl-project/sglang) and [LMDeploy](https://github.com/InternLM/lmdeploy)). The implementation is under [nightly-benchmarks folder](.buildkite/nightly-benchmarks/) and you can [reproduce](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/issues/8176) this benchmark using our one-click runnable script.

vLLM is flexible and easy to use with:

- Seamless integration with popular Hugging Face models
- High-throughput serving with various decoding algorithms, including *parallel sampling*, *beam search*, and more
- Tensor parallelism and pipeline parallelism support for distributed inference
- Streaming outputs
- OpenAI-compatible API server
- Support NVIDIA GPUs, AMD CPUs and GPUs, Intel CPUs and GPUs, PowerPC CPUs, TPU, and AWS Neuron.
- Prefix caching support
- Multi-lora support

vLLM seamlessly supports most popular open-source models on HuggingFace, including:
- Transformer-like LLMs (e.g., Llama)
- Mixture-of-Expert LLMs (e.g., Mixtral, Deepseek-V2 and V3)
- Embedding Models (e.g. E5-Mistral)
- Multi-modal LLMs (e.g., LLaVA)

Find the full list of supported models [here](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/models/supported_models.html).

## Getting Started

Install vLLM with `pip` or [from source](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/getting_started/installation/gpu/index.html#build-wheel-from-source):

```bash
pip install vllm
```

Visit our [documentation](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/) to learn more.
- [Installation](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/getting_started/installation.html)
- [Quickstart](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/getting_started/quickstart.html)
- [List of Supported Models](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/models/supported_models.html)

## Contributing

We welcome and value any contributions and collaborations.
Please check out [Contributing to vLLM](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/stable/contributing/overview.html) for how to get involved.

## Sponsors

vLLM is a community project. Our compute resources for development and testing are supported by the following organizations. Thank you for your support!

<!-- Note: Please sort them in alphabetical order. -->
<!-- Note: Please keep these consistent with docs/source/community/sponsors.md -->
Cash Donations:
- a16z
- Dropbox
- Sequoia Capital
- Skywork AI
- ZhenFund

Compute Resources:
- AMD
- Anyscale
- AWS
- Crusoe Cloud
- Databricks
- DeepInfra
- Google Cloud
- Intel
- Lambda Lab
- Nebius
- Novita AI
- NVIDIA
- Replicate
- Roblox
- RunPod
- Trainy
- UC Berkeley
- UC San Diego

Slack Sponsor: Anyscale

We also have an official fundraising venue through [OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/vllm). We plan to use the fund to support the development, maintenance, and adoption of vLLM.

## Citation

If you use vLLM for your research, please cite our [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.06180):

```bibtex
@inproceedings{kwon2023efficient,
  title={Efficient Memory Management for Large Language Model Serving with PagedAttention},
  author={Woosuk Kwon and Zhuohan Li and Siyuan Zhuang and Ying Sheng and Lianmin Zheng and Cody Hao Yu and Joseph E. Gonzalez and Hao Zhang and Ion Stoica},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 29th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles},
  year={2023}
}
```

## Contact Us

- For technical questions and feature requests, please use GitHub [Issues](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/issues) or [Discussions](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/discussions)
- For discussing with fellow users, please use the [vLLM Forum](https://discuss.vllm.ai)
- coordinating contributions and development, please use [Slack](https://slack.vllm.ai)
- For security disclosures, please use GitHub's [Security Advisories](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/security/advisories) feature
- For collaborations and partnerships, please contact us at [vllm-questions@lists.berkeley.edu](mailto:vllm-questions@lists.berkeley.edu)

## Media Kit

- If you wish to use vLLM's logo, please refer to [our media kit repo](https://github.com/vllm-project/media-kit).

Commit message:

[Docs] Add Slides from Singapore Meetup (#16213)
Signed-off-by: simon-mo <simon.mo@hey.com>

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <picture>
    <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vllm-project/vllm/main/docs/source/assets/logos/vllm-logo-text-dark.png">
    <img alt="vLLM" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/vllm-project/vllm/main/docs/source/assets/logos/vllm-logo-text-light.png" width=55%>
  </picture>
</p>

<h3 align="center">
Easy, fast, and cheap LLM serving for everyone
</h3>

<p align="center">
| <a href="https://docs.vllm.ai"><b>Documentation</b></a> | <a href="https://vllm.ai"><b>Blog</b></a> | <a href="https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.06180"><b>Paper</b></a> | <a href="https://x.com/vllm_project"><b>Twitter/X</b></a> | <a href="https://discuss.vllm.ai"><b>User Forum</b></a> | <a href="https://slack.vllm.ai"><b>Developer Slack</b></a> |
</p>

---

*Latest News* 🔥
- [2025/04] We hosted [Asia Developer Day](https://www.sginnovate.com/event/limited-availability-morning-evening-slots-remaining-inaugural-vllm-asia-developer-day)! Please find the meetup slides from the vLLM team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/19cp6Qu8u48ihB91A064XfaXruNYiBOUKrBxAmDOllOo/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2025/03] We hosted [vLLM x Ollama Inference Night](https://lu.ma/vllm-ollama)! Please find the meetup slides from the vLLM team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/16T2PDD1YwRnZ4Tu8Q5r6n53c5Lr5c73UV9Vd2_eBo4U/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2025/03] We hosted [the first vLLM China Meetup](https://mp.weixin.qq.com/s/n77GibL2corAtQHtVEAzfg)! Please find the meetup slides from vLLM team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1REHvfQMKGnvz6p3Fd23HhSO4c8j5WPGZV0bKYLwnHyQ/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2025/03] We hosted [the East Coast vLLM Meetup](https://lu.ma/7mu4k4xx)! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1NHiv8EUFF1NLd3fEYODm56nDmL26lEeXCaDgyDlTsRs/edit#slide=id.g31441846c39_0_0).
- [2025/02] We hosted [the ninth vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/h7g3kuj9) with Meta! Please find the meetup slides from vLLM team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1jzC_PZVXrVNSFVCW-V4cFXb6pn7zZ2CyP_Flwo05aqg/edit?usp=sharing) and AMD [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1Zk5qEJIkTmlQ2eQcXQZlljAx3m9s7nwn/view?usp=sharing). The slides from Meta will not be posted.
- [2025/01] We are excited to announce the alpha release of vLLM V1: A major architectural upgrade with 1.7x speedup! Clean code, optimized execution loop, zero-overhead prefix caching, enhanced multimodal support, and more. Please check out our blog post [here](https://blog.vllm.ai/2025/01/27/v1-alpha-release.html).
- [2025/01] We hosted [the eighth vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/zep56hui) with Google Cloud! Please find the meetup slides from vLLM team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1epVkt4Zu8Jz_S5OhEHPc798emsYh2BwYfRuDDVEF7u4/edit?usp=sharing), and Google Cloud team [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1h24pHewANyRL11xy5dXUbvRC9F9Kkjix/view?usp=sharing).
- [2024/12] vLLM joins [pytorch ecosystem](https://pytorch.org/blog/vllm-joins-pytorch)! Easy, Fast, and Cheap LLM Serving for Everyone!

<details>
<summary>Previous News</summary>

- [2024/11] We hosted [the seventh vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/h0qvrajz) with Snowflake! Please find the meetup slides from vLLM team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1e3CxQBV3JsfGp30SwyvS3eM_tW-ghOhJ9PAJGK6KR54/edit?usp=sharing), and Snowflake team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1qF3RkDAbOULwz9WK5TOltt2fE9t6uIc_hVNLFAaQX6A/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2024/10] We have just created a developer slack ([slack.vllm.ai](https://slack.vllm.ai)) focusing on coordinating contributions and discussing features. Please feel free to join us there!
- [2024/10] Ray Summit 2024 held a special track for vLLM! Please find the opening talk slides from the vLLM team [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1B_KQxpHBTRa_mDF-tR6i8rWdOU5QoTZNcEg2MKZxEHM/edit?usp=sharing). Learn more from the [talks](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzTswPQNepXl6AQwifuwUImLPFRVpksjR) from other vLLM contributors and users!
- [2024/09] We hosted [the sixth vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/87q3nvnh) with NVIDIA! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1wrLGwytQfaOTd5wCGSPNhoaW3nq0E-9wqyP7ny93xRs/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2024/07] We hosted [the fifth vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/lp0gyjqr) with AWS! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1RgUD8aCfcHocghoP3zmXzck9vX3RCI9yfUAB2Bbcl4Y/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2024/07] In partnership with Meta, vLLM officially supports Llama 3.1 with FP8 quantization and pipeline parallelism! Please check out our blog post [here](https://blog.vllm.ai/2024/07/23/llama31.html).
- [2024/06] We hosted [the fourth vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/agivllm) with Cloudflare and BentoML! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1iJ8o7V2bQEi0BFEljLTwc5G1S10_Rhv3beed5oB0NJ4/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2024/04] We hosted [the third vLLM meetup](https://robloxandvllmmeetup2024.splashthat.com/) with Roblox! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1A--47JAK4BJ39t954HyTkvtfwn0fkqtsL8NGFuslReM/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2024/01] We hosted [the second vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/ygxbpzhl) with IBM! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/12mI2sKABnUw5RBWXDYY-HtHth4iMSNcEoQ10jDQbxgA/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2023/10] We hosted [the first vLLM meetup](https://lu.ma/first-vllm-meetup) with a16z! Please find the meetup slides [here](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1QL-XPFXiFpDBh86DbEegFXBXFXjix4v032GhShbKf3s/edit?usp=sharing).
- [2023/08] We would like to express our sincere gratitude to [Andreessen Horowitz](https://a16z.com/2023/08/30/supporting-the-open-source-ai-community/) (a16z) for providing a generous grant to support the open-source development and research of vLLM.
- [2023/06] We officially released vLLM! FastChat-vLLM integration has powered [LMSYS Vicuna and Chatbot Arena](https://chat.lmsys.org) since mid-April. Check out our [blog post](https://vllm.ai).

</details>

---
## About

vLLM is a fast and easy-to-use library for LLM inference and serving.

Originally developed in the [Sky Computing Lab](https://sky.cs.berkeley.edu) at UC Berkeley, vLLM has evolved into a community-driven project with contributions from both academia and industry.

vLLM is fast with:

- State-of-the-art serving throughput
- Efficient management of attention key and value memory with [**PagedAttention**](https://blog.vllm.ai/2023/06/20/vllm.html)
- Continuous batching of incoming requests
- Fast model execution with CUDA/HIP graph
- Quantizations: [GPTQ](https://arxiv.org/abs/2210.17323), [AWQ](https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.00978), INT4, INT8, and FP8.
- Optimized CUDA kernels, including integration with FlashAttention and FlashInfer.
- Speculative decoding
- Chunked prefill

**Performance benchmark**: We include a performance benchmark at the end of [our blog post](https://blog.vllm.ai/2024/09/05/perf-update.html). It compares the performance of vLLM against other LLM serving engines ([TensorRT-LLM](https://github.com/NVIDIA/TensorRT-LLM), [SGLang](https://github.com/sgl-project/sglang) and [LMDeploy](https://github.com/InternLM/lmdeploy)). The implementation is under [nightly-benchmarks folder](.buildkite/nightly-benchmarks/) and you can [reproduce](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/issues/8176) this benchmark using our one-click runnable script.

vLLM is flexible and easy to use with:

- Seamless integration with popular Hugging Face models
- High-throughput serving with various decoding algorithms, including *parallel sampling*, *beam search*, and more
- Tensor parallelism and pipeline parallelism support for distributed inference
- Streaming outputs
- OpenAI-compatible API server
- Support NVIDIA GPUs, AMD CPUs and GPUs, Intel CPUs and GPUs, PowerPC CPUs, TPU, and AWS Neuron.
- Prefix caching support
- Multi-lora support

vLLM seamlessly supports most popular open-source models on HuggingFace, including:
- Transformer-like LLMs (e.g., Llama)
- Mixture-of-Expert LLMs (e.g., Mixtral, Deepseek-V2 and V3)
- Embedding Models (e.g. E5-Mistral)
- Multi-modal LLMs (e.g., LLaVA)

Find the full list of supported models [here](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/models/supported_models.html).

## Getting Started

Install vLLM with `pip` or [from source](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/getting_started/installation/gpu/index.html#build-wheel-from-source):

```bash
pip install vllm
```

Visit our [documentation](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/) to learn more.
- [Installation](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/getting_started/installation.html)
- [Quickstart](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/getting_started/quickstart.html)
- [List of Supported Models](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/latest/models/supported_models.html)

## Contributing

We welcome and value any contributions and collaborations.
Please check out [Contributing to vLLM](https://docs.vllm.ai/en/stable/contributing/overview.html) for how to get involved.

## Sponsors

vLLM is a community project. Our compute resources for development and testing are supported by the following organizations. Thank you for your support!

<!-- Note: Please sort them in alphabetical order. -->
<!-- Note: Please keep these consistent with docs/source/community/sponsors.md -->
Cash Donations:
- a16z
- Dropbox
- Sequoia Capital
- Skywork AI
- ZhenFund

Compute Resources:
- AMD
- Anyscale
- AWS
- Crusoe Cloud
- Databricks
- DeepInfra
- Google Cloud
- Intel
- Lambda Lab
- Nebius
- Novita AI
- NVIDIA
- Replicate
- Roblox
- RunPod
- Trainy
- UC Berkeley
- UC San Diego

Slack Sponsor: Anyscale

We also have an official fundraising venue through [OpenCollective](https://opencollective.com/vllm). We plan to use the fund to support the development, maintenance, and adoption of vLLM.

## Citation

If you use vLLM for your research, please cite our [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/2309.06180):

```bibtex
@inproceedings{kwon2023efficient,
  title={Efficient Memory Management for Large Language Model Serving with PagedAttention},
  author={Woosuk Kwon and Zhuohan Li and Siyuan Zhuang and Ying Sheng and Lianmin Zheng and Cody Hao Yu and Joseph E. Gonzalez and Hao Zhang and Ion Stoica},
  booktitle={Proceedings of the ACM SIGOPS 29th Symposium on Operating Systems Principles},
  year={2023}
}
```

## Contact Us

- For technical questions and feature requests, please use GitHub [Issues](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/issues) or [Discussions](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/discussions)
- For discussing with fellow users, please use the [vLLM Forum](https://discuss.vllm.ai)
- coordinating contributions and development, please use [Slack](https://slack.vllm.ai)
- For security disclosures, please use GitHub's [Security Advisories](https://github.com/vllm-project/vllm/security/advisories) feature
- For collaborations and partnerships, please contact us at [vllm-questions@lists.berkeley.edu](mailto:vllm-questions@lists.berkeley.edu)

## Media Kit

- If you wish to use vLLM's logo, please refer to [our media kit repo](https://github.com/vllm-project/media-kit).
